He may cut spending, but I don't believe he will cut it in the areas that need to be cut, I don't believe that because I based that opinion on past government behavior.
They're from the Earth, and Jesus is from heaven, and they can't understand a heavenly being because they are earthly beings.
And Diana certainly doesn't want a divorce because she wants to keep an access to the children, which if she does split will mean she will have limited access.
So it wasn't necessarily going to be your crowd because they're a crowd who came to see comedy, not music.
Eileen Ego says they don't want to enter into a civil union because they still won't have the same rights as married couples under federal law.
And I don't believe so because the money that we received from the European Union and the IMF is quite enough to overcome the crisis.
There wouldn't be Beatles songs because of Manson's use of "Helter Skelter."
No, I don't think Democrats are on the wrong side just because they have opposing view that I have.
I hope it wasn't for much because I didn't do anything.
Maybe he can't play in the championships because he didn't play enough time in the regular season.
You haven't heard much about it because, well, nothing has changed there.
We don't get a lot of new traffic here because people are obviously planning other activities.
To make herself feel better, she would stand in my shoes and now she says she doesn't have to stand in the shoes as much because she's standing on her own.
You don't get the oily taste that you do sometimes with ocean fish because you control what goes into the fish based on the requirements of the fish and based on their age.
And he did the first two and he couldn't do the third because as John Anderson said, the only way he could do all three was with mirrors.
And that we couldn't stick with our old system simply because of cost.
January 20th, 1985 and it was a Sunday and he didn't have a big thing because it was the Super Bowl.
And I don't feel like I'm doing the wrong thing because I'm not always doing it.
I'm sure that the buyer, who happens to be the publisher of Cigar Aficionado has plenty of humidors at home, so he wasn't buying it because he needed that particular item.
That's because they didn't take the time to ask the questions, look at the warning signs and all the things that we don't want to do because it's not romantic.
You know, when did these organizations become so sacred that we can't have conversations about banning them from our campuses because nothing else worked?
Don't put them down because they're being emotional.
I didn't fly because of the terrorists.
And as a matter of fact, when I went to record our first single, I didn't tell my parents because I knew they wouldn't have let me go.
That doesn't mean that chimpanzees should somehow have some sort of evolving right because you don't like the way that they're being taken care of.
No, you don't because you're trapped.
But I don't settle in the middle of their villages because I respect them.
Well, I don't understand this because the University of Montreal study was a very close approximation of the 1993 study.
It doesn't matter because I think either one of them can do just as good a job.
You know, people always say to me, 'Oh, political humor won't work because people won't get it,' but I don't like the stupid sex jokes and things.
I really didn't because I was so busy doing shows.
Now, I understand when you wear one of those masks you can't have, for example, you couldn't wear one because you can't have any facial hair.
Later, Frances Strickland would say that the loss wasn't because they didn't go negative and it wasn't because of the statement about raising taxes.
And don't say one more word because I really call the cops on you.
I wasn't even afraid when I used to get pulled over by police officers because I knew I could get out of it.
He doesn't want to wake up that constituency because he knows that constituency is his demise.
But we don't yet have a final decision, and until we do, the Constitution gives us the right to defend the principles in which we believe, and we shouldn't be punished more severely because we've chosen to do that.
They're worried, number one, that there aren't funds available for programs like Head Start because Al D'Amato's in the Senate, you know, voting against a program like that.
They haven't gotten together because there yes, indeed, there has been a certain prejudice against the cancer patient.
They don't model because they don't follow visual or non-verbal information.
Number one, because you will be covered with health insurance while you're able to work, including a drug benefit that will make you able to work longer, along with everybody else you will always have health insurance, and it won't break your employer because you'll be part of a big community pool, so your rates will be the same as everybody else.
I didn't run because I want to try something different.
I must say, personally it doesn't bother me because I already gave at the office in that regard.
I didn't want to tell anybody because it was like I hadn't told anybody all this time, and the only person that I could have ever loved died before I got to know her.
I don't know what to believe or who to believe because they say, 'Whitney, we don't know where you got it from.'
I don't know who the other two guys are because I can't talk to them.
I don't know how we got anything done because everybody was laughing so hard but he was such a wonderful man and he had a kindness and a musicality and a dearness to him that was triumphant.
Bank of New York and State Street need to raise their prices immediately but can't because you aren't.
He doesn't want to work with Rubio because then he doesn't get the Hispanic vote that he is after by doing this.
And I wasn't worrying about the testing because I knew it wasn't me.
But echocardiograms aren't part of a regular physical because HCM is rare and expensive to test for: from about $800 to $1,200.
I haven't seen a personality change because of Kate Moss, not because of the women.
It didn't do well at the box office at all because all these Middle East movies are not doing well.
The regulators keep filing lawsuits, but this doesn't accomplish much because suing takes so long.
I don't agree with that because there is, you know there is a lot of capital sloshing around there because nobody wants to do business investment.
We try not to complicate humor in a way where the Mexicans won't understand it because it's too Cuban.
He insists he can't be prosecuted because he worked as an informant and had a secret immunity deal with the U.S. government.
Well, it won't happen again now because it's been written out of existence, virtually, by these new regulations, as it should have been out of existence before, and warnings will be out there for people ahead of time.
We could do both things unilaterally but we don't need to do them unilaterally because the United States has enormous influence on its allies but that requires determined, focused leadership and not evasion.
Please don't pass a bill because all your bill does is mandate a whole lot of stuff that I don't agree with.
The experts say don't break through a window unless you absolutely have to because it will actually draw the fire to you.
The interesting thing to (technical difficulties) question more closely, though, is that it appears that most people who don't remember their dreams don't do so because they sleep soundly and they wake up with an alarm clock.
Well, you didn't do it because it was the right thing to do.
I can't see her going to ABC because they've got this huge payroll already and they have fewer magazine programs.
So her comment was, "You wouldn't be lying saying it was a possible fingerprint because we don't have it here to prove that it was," and I says, "No, I wouldn't."
Now they have a right to that statement, but Michael Jackson doesn't want to get mixed in that because yes, he's got enough problems.
I don't know because I sought to go to Vietnam, even when I was not ready for rotation, to what we call sea duty.
They didn't find it because it's not there.
Now the reason for this isn't just because it's pretty, it's to give it a different texture.
We couldn't see that side of him because Haley's parents are extremely protective of their son's privacy.
And it is interesting to us, now that we do have this accusation that we are only where we are because we are women, because, for a long time we were told we couldn't be anywhere because we were women.
Well, I don't believe that's the right way for the foreign policy of this country to go because, first of all, it's goal and it states that Saddam is not going to stay there.
It's very difficult, because I couldn't wait to get out because I was ashamed of it.
And they can't read because they don't have books.
But it didn't work out because people knew about it.
We don't believe in some of the things that they're saying on the other side because we dive with these animals every day.
In fact, when they successfully defend themselves against computer break-in, they often don't want the public to know about it because if a bank comes out and says, 'Look, we stood up to the hackers,' they couldn't come into system.
You can't stay protected because even in solitary confinement, guys can get got.
They won't play until Friday because that's when ESPN wants them to play.
They took empathy, if that's what I can say, these monsters, as we call them, teachers here, and they took pity on him and didn't put the piece of tape over his mouth because he was crying so uncontrollably.
The government is so big and complicated and I think you literally go to bed every night knowing that someplace in all of that multitude, somebody could be taking advantage of their position and maybe even being dishonest or something and there wasn't anything you would do about that because of the complexity of the whole situation.
When I was entrapped in the system, I didn't look to the judicial system to clear me because it had failed me.
And just to end up with this, the reason isn't just because he broke his promise to make immigration reform a top priority.
You're not a bad parent if you don't save for your kid's college because instead you had to choose to feed them and clothe them.
Journalism is about precision and accuracy, and if you can't say it because you don't have enough reporting, then you don't say it.
And she knew she didn't want to say anything because that was the wrong thing to do.
Doesn't happen because employees around the state make up what is essentially one large insurance pool.
We couldn't get an A because then it would be too tight on one side.
I wish sometimes people wouldn't give them to us because I don't want to just like destroy their business.
And I said I don't know how because I thought you were supposed to teach me.
All right, this isn't about chicken because I know you like chicken.
He was the conservative Democrat from Louisiana, Ted Kennedy, the liberal Democrat from Massachusetts and once you got agreement between the two, well what you got agreement on you couldn't lead a country with because it wasn't sharp enough edged.
And I didn't have to bother about breaking my legs because my parachute canopied over the tops of the trees.
And, in fact, it didn't add up to anything because Madison never got anything from the state.
That doesn't seem fair because winter sports cost so much money.
If you're worried about hitting a big birthday milestone and what that will mean to your self-esteem, well, don't worry because we've got Susan Saint James Ebersol, she's a wife, mom, Emmy-winning actress and also a humanitarian.
I didn't want to let that slide by because it would have taken much longer for these issues to come out.
You know, for years that you heard in the National Football League that the players association didn't like it because there was no will to win.
I didn't think it was the worst thing in the world because I loved the commercial.
I don't want to bankrupt our country because we borrowed too much money and weren't accountable.
Don't send your kids on a discount carrier because chances are they don't get the same level of service.
She asked me for my advice, and I couldn't really give her any because I've never been in that situation.
The judge denied the mistrial, saying that it was a harmless mistake, that the jury essentially wouldn't know anything differently because, after all, both the prosecution and the defense had said in their opening statements that Poindexter had torn up this document and Oliver North had said he'd been a witness to Poindexter tearing up the document.
I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you because we have the whole Spanish air force, or something like that, just flying by.
I wouldn't do it because it's disrespectful to me.
I don't worry about them so much because they're visible, they're out there, I know who they are.
It now appears to me they didn't because they were afraid I would give them a truthful answer and that there had been some communication between you and Ms. Tripp and them.
I hope that the publicists aren't trying to cover up a serious problem because if she is having some problems with weight, I think it needs to be addressed.
It can't get any worse because you're the one who says the policy is failing, sir.
And we don't know because we're hearing the same thing with Merrill Lynch, right?
We can't update people's tetanus vaccines because one of the manufacturers just stopped making it because it wasn't profitable.
