Those two teams have been held at the street and not permitted to enter the devastated area because of the possibility of more bombs being in the area.
Judge Bork was not rejected because of the ads which somebody put on.
A statement from the Iraqi foreign ministry said the inspectors were not allowed to take the documents because they had refused to give Iraqi soldiers a receipt for them.
I think it is unlikely because they're not going to come out just because he's asking them.
The defense is not slated to begin opening statements until Wednesday because Judge Lance Ito recessed early after discovering the lone camera in the court room mistakenly photographed an alternate juror.
And if you asked me if he made any real news today, Heather, the fact is, he did not because back in August of 2007, Obama first said that there should be troops sent from Iraq to Afghanistan, at least two brigades.
That's not always true because I believe, in Kim's case, with the dog-mauling that Kim worked on, the grand jury actually handed back something the prosecution didn't expect when they indicted.
Some would argue it's okay this time, it's not an erosion because it's the flag.
You have documented cases where people have not gotten a job because of their genetic information?
I think a lot of people who are very qualified right now to run for Congress and serve in Congress decide not to do it because they understand the seniority system.
I'm not 100 percent if I would have done it or not because you can ask a lot of questions, but they can also filibuster.
But you just said there will be a Palestinian state but not happening now because the U.S. will block it.
I can not commend this decision because of the situation I try to mention.
Well, as of right now, it's not too bad because there aren't too many of the new bills out.
It's not even that because our secretaries take care of it.
I'm not just saying it because everyone feels that way.
And that's not good as far as Clinton's concerned because they're worried about inflation.
I applaud the president for at least helping us, or trying to get us to be honest; to be forthright about that; to question that in somehow the secondary education system has not trained these African-Americans and other minorities in order to get them ready academically to go to elite universities because they can't.
And I have not talked about this because I've never had permission to say who it is or to divulge any of the contents of the letters.
He did not want to do it because unlike me, he's a mature man and doesn't just shoot from the hip.
Clean water is not there because they drink from brooks and wells, which they provide for themselves.
Many Israelis would rather not have ever heard the name John Demjanjuk because what started as a historical Holocaust trial really ends like a rather embarrassing farce.
Well, I'm sure President Bush would love to identify a hidden site of weapons of mass destruction but I'm not sure we know exactly where they are because they move around a lot and a lot of them are hidden deep underground.
We do not time our indictments or our cases because of political considerations.
The Democrats will not do that because too many of those responsible are in their own party.
But Intel and other industry observers say that IBM's word is not entirely trustworthy on this matter because IBM is making a chip, the Power PC, that competes with the Pentium.
Mistakes were made, and I'm frankly not happy about them because there is a lot of confusion over what really has been a customary practice by the presidents.
That's if we recognize that the surviving rain forests, tropical rain forests is about has the same areas as the lower 48 states, then somewhere between half of the state of Florida or all the state of Florida in areas disappearing per year and that's not abating very much because it is so profitable to clear cut rain forests.
They go out in the mountains or, you know, out in nature, to show that their heart is there, their heart is not in the city because the city is dirty, it's plural, its multiethnic, and it's everything that Norway isn't supposed to be.
Well, that's right, but we're not going to stop fighting to change the place just because we don't get a finish that the press is happy with.
Clearly, Winston Blackmore does not like me very much because we have been a thorn in the side of polygamist men who insist on taking underage girls.
But it's not easy because those people, those Lebanese, what you call them, fundamentalists, have been confronted since the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982, with a lot of problems.
RATHER No, at that stage, and I'm not excusing myself because I'm partof our team.
And, of course, that's not true because nature abhors a vacuum.
I do plan on staying there because right now, moving or selling our home is not a priority right now because we have a senior that's going to be going to college in September.
It's not true that they're not covering this because they like Obama.
Let's not just play with day-to-day statistics because those can change from week to week.
But, frankly, there is not a great desire to take over Haiti because it would, in a sense, be establishing a colonial government.
I was absolutely not responsible for what went wrong in Cellblock 1-A or B because interrogation is separate and apart from detention operations.
But we're not going anywhere because over the course of the next 19 days, you're going to want to stay here.
Should you not ride in an airplane because youre overweight?
He's not the best man because that's not his friend's girl, that's his girl.
And so, it might be part of the players' strategy, if they did go on strike, to think that the owners might not be able to sustain the loss of revenues because of the debt service.
There's another report that a TRW scientist, Peter Lee, somehow gave the Chinese in 1997, advanced technology about radar about tracking submarines, but was not prosecuted because the Navy said, we can't have in open court any discussion of this.
And so in a sense, the apparently low temperature is not something that scientists are worried about because we have the technology to get below it rather simply.
And the answer is, is that those very people who would like to be paid $ 13 or $ 14 an hour would probably not want to buy the clothes that they themselves have made because they would wind up being too expensive.
The Orioles should not have to pay because an umpire made a mistake.
The things that are wrong in America are not wrong because of money or lack of money.
Did you not have enough time because Mike came up?
In this case, a unanimous court said that the state of Virginia could not stop a white man from marrying a black woman because the freedom to marry is, quote, "a fundamental right."
I'm not laughing because it's impossible.
In their totality, as viewed by law enforcement, they would not rise to the level of causing us to be necessarily concerned about him committing a violent act because none of the acts were necessarily violent.
And if you're a fence, you're not protected from criminal liability because you're wearing a journalist badge.
But for me, the world has become less safe, not more safe because two more nations have shown that they can explode nuclear weapons.
You may have, schools may be overcrowded, but we're not going to have a new school come on because that's going to dilute the sports team.
Here, deaf children are not isolated because they are different as they would be in public school, but public school is where the Matchetts wanted Scott.
And his lawyer came in and said, "I am sorry to tell you that the offer you put forth, $280 million, was not accepted because Mrs. Saddam Hussein paid the asking price of $320 million."
So therefore, virtual colonoscopy is not going to replace a real colonoscopy because if lesions are detected on that exam, patients are still going to need to have a full colonoscopy exam.
Ruff said that the offenses with which President Clinton is charged are not impeachable because they don't threaten the very functioning of government; they don't interfere with his abilities to perform the duties of office.
I do not know because I have been worried about the bin Laden bombing campaign today and haven't been able to call my usual sources, but I think one thing we can say about the first case is that it wasn't that it was just anthrax.
And he said the only possible beneficial effect is symbolism, and yet we can not give up constitutional rights because of a symbolic statement that the government cares about crime.
It just would not happen because it wouldn't be accepted.
Look, talking will not bring any solution because we talked and talked and talked.
Like 1987 can not probably occur again because we've already built in certain circuit breakers into the system.
He does not want to take a shot at Buchanan because he's obviously the chief contestant now for the Reform Party nomination.
And our country is not succeeding right now because our military is too big.
I'm not so polite that I was until now because we are playing with human lives.
But the Transportation Security Administration says it's not necessary because of all the extra security measures now in place, including reinforced cockpit doors and federal air marshals.
We're not freaks just because there's an age difference.
And I think that the problems we faced and where I would have to part company with Mr. Alexander is, no, the approaches have not worked because they have put their faith in government, in bureaucracy.
They did not find him guilty on that charge because they were saying it was consensual.
So they're not defrauding the government because it's legal?
You're not responsible because your mother's on the street.
It thirsts for the situation where those were entitled by law to carry arms as the forces of national security and law and order will not tend their weapons against the citizens simply because the citizens are set that equality, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are fundamental human rights which are not only in alienable but must if necessary be defended with the weapons of war.
The other day at a party I ate two stalks of celery so, if Im not on next week because I dropped dead, youll know it was that second stalk of celery that did me in.
It's the sort of case where you just can not discount any leads because in the back of your mind you always feel, "Well, if I ignore this, is this the area that might be the home run?
That individuals whether they are Democrats or Republicans should not be held accountable for it because it was a war and peace issue.
Iranian Radio said rescue workers have not been able to reach some of the hardest hit villages because the roads are blocked by landslides.
Well, I'm not sure it's a danger because as I said, you know, the cops have used tapes like this and the state uses tapes like this on a regular basis taping all of these sort of interactions so that they can have records of what happened.
I'm not proud of, but I'm not going to go into details because that only feeds the rumors."
Opponents say he should not be on the ballot because he lived in Washington nearly two years.
Andy would have not existed had I not had chemotherapy to follow up after my cancer because I would not have been able to save what was left of me in order to conceive with Andy.
It's still not clear how many people were killed because there may be, we're told by the mayor's office, bodies still in the rubble from that strike.
However, this did not and will not happen because Iraq has genuinely decided to prove that it is free of weapons of mass destruction and to lift any doubt in that regard.
However, they know that this is not going to happen with the Fatah leadership because they have tried it.
Of course, Mr. Nishimura would not appear to explain because he's wrong and he knows it."
When Political Action Committee money by a margin of thirteen to one goes to incumbents, I am not faulting Political Action Committees generically because, quite frankly, they are faced with what amounts to legalized extortion.
He said he would not cut short his visit because of the attack.
I'm not saying he's not educated because he is.
And several of the officers I spoke with said, 'You know, I'm not going to tell them what I'm going through because then they're going to tell the chief that I'm not ready to go back to work, and that's going to look bad in my package.
All right, so I know this has not been the easiest year for guys because of the passing of your dad, Chris.
No, you should not because that's not true.
He was not subject to his fine and his sentence because he advocated a policy.
This year, many farmers still have not delivered their corn because they can sell it at a higher price elsewhere.
Out of respect for the family Holloway, we did not want to speak about murder and homicides because we did not want to hurt their feelings.
I actually am not afraid of the illness because Im very healthy.
Dr. Newman, if you have a problem with using the words therapeutic cloning because therapies have not been developed yet, would you also not have problems with using the phrase human cloning because no humans have been cloned yet either?
Well, I mean, I'm not speaking so much for Washington because remember that we have a big problem in Washington.
If you got this pit in the core of your stomach that suggests you're not a worthy person, or that you can be many things to many people and above the law yourself, that's not going to go away just because people vote for you with a 69 percent approval rating.
You know, to me it's not much of a surprise because everybody sort of assumes Mitt Romney is running again.
It's been said that Israel has not obeyed resolutions 242 and 338 because they have not withdrawn from certain territories.
Marijuana has never been approved and it's not gon na be approved because it would have to show that it was safe and effective and I don't believe that would happen.
