When you see cars, border patrol cars, on the border not being used because they don't have car radios, you understand the dimensions of the problem.
If we lose this war, then the unipolar moment will end not because we are eclipsed by another country but because we have failed and collapsed, and the world will enter into a very, very dark age.
Yeah, I don't want to tell them not to have something because I don't want them to feel that they can't.
In fact, we filed applications, not only with the Justice Department but also with the White House because that's, in fact, what we had been advised to do by the pardon attorney himself.
The 1.1 billion people who lack access to safe drinking water lack that access not because the water's not there, but because they don't have a way to acquire it, to access it and use it.
And that's a combination of either being absent from work or not performing to our full potential because we're in so much pain.
Within a couple of weeks we got a notification from Facebook that they were taking our ad down because they didn't cover things in this category and they have very specific guideline language but at that same time they had a KY Intense ad advertising on Facebook.
Well, I know for me, like before that scene, I described me actually finding out that I was HIV-positive and really not knowing how to react because I didn't know what HIV was.
I do notice that they apparently have fired their air defense general because a number of things seemed to be coming back down, and this firing and killing innocent Iraqis.
So if he's successful he inherited it, if he's not successful it's because he's No.
So, you know, it's a somewhat old-fashioned and not terribly popular view of art right now because so much art is politically engaged.
These women, I think, are in great danger, because the reason he's not using physical abuse is because he doesn't have to.
I am constantly imploring people to rely on themselves, to invest in themselves, to not depend on others, especially not to depend on the United States government because there isn't the money.
That's like saying let's get a political analyst that knows nothing about politics because they're not jaded.
Not only did they think that I was angry with Brian because he had multiple girlfriends, but they also, you know, alleged that I was greedy and I killed him for the insurance money.
We tried to prevent them to not work in the water because there are many kinds of insects and mosquitoes and many kinds of things.
The reason we're using smaller airplanes is not because of consumer surveys.
And I think that sooner or later, they will realize that, and that's not because of the regime or because of the opposition.
And I just, quite honestly, was surprised that she wouldn't have her on the show, not because I didn't know she was supporting Barack Obama.
And the producer was about ready to ditch the song, not because he didn't like it, but because we couldn't find someone else that we really wanted to sing with.
I just think, Bobbie, that the appearance, it gets to be a relatively risky standard, only because the notion of running off someone because there's appearance to others and asking a Supreme Court justice to recuse himself without any harder evidence than that is just a tough standard.
Well, I suspect the religious issue may come back in the general election, but raising this question of Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell, not because he did it, but perhaps in the way that he did it, does not seem to have helped McCain.
Considerable relief and, indeed, delight at the White House at the outcome of the British election, not just because Bush considers John Major to be one of his head-of-government pals, but also because there's a feeling there that what happened there will be a precursor of sorts for what's happened here because there's some historic precedent for that.
Well, more often than not we refer to it as a turntablist because it's used more than just for creating the typical scratching noises that are incorporated with most deejays, you know, within a live band setting.
For the 50s, I, I think I would have to say that try not to be in denial because I was really in denial.
I recognized I made a mistake, not because I wasn't a good parent, because I didn't have all the tools.
If the quota of 100 percent whites to keep blacks out was injustice, is it not an equal injustice if you bring blacks in because of their color and keep whites out because of their color?
And not because he happens to be gay, but because he has promoted that lifestyle.
Not that much because it's, basically, it's an easy program to install.
Iceland is almost giving more money. This is embarrassing. Islam dare not go down the path of trying to say that God is Osama bin Laden waiting in the heavens to strike people with thunderbolts because they happen to wear bikinis on beaches.
The practical reason this problem has not disappeared is because neither side has accepted the concept that it could be, quote/unquote, "defeated."
I remember when I was a young nurse working in a hospital that family members often would ask doctors not to tell the patient that they actually had cancer because, you know, they didn't want to talk about it; or they felt that the patient would be too frightened by it and would, you know, would just give up and wouldn't be able to cope with having cancer, and, you know, that's kind of how it used to be.
Her polls are low not necessarily because of what she created, but what she inherited and has not been able to resolve.
That's what I ended up feeling, that we had colluded, that we had a chance to stop something and that we had not really been able to halt it and that because we carried through with it that we ended up contributing.
Now there's a bit of an exception for the little tactical nuclear weapons, particularly the Russian nuclear weapons, not because we think they're badly protected, but because we just don't know.
When the individual is in trouble, there's almost nothing you can do to save them because they become the issue.
Nevermind that the IBM layoffs have not been because of trade but, rather, because of technological innovation.
That is not an immoral position that is a responsible position because, again, if the economy collapses, everyone will be hurt.
But it's that feeling you get and I notice they have it because of the way they're sitting.
President Clinton is my friend, but the notion is that President Clinton has to go because the word is we've got to get this done.
Guijong-Dong is noted because it has the world's tallest flag.
I hope what you say is not because they are competing with you, but let me say this.
Well, I go back to the ransom note because I think we have a chance to analyze it under some new techniques that are being looked at: psychological linguistics, not admissible right now.
And I think one of the positive aspects of this, as I doubt that many people realize how many votes don't get counted by machines, not because people didn't intend to vote, but because the machines just can't figure it out.
We tend not to hear from the people who dropped out of the groups because it wasn't the right kind of treatment for them.
But they could not tolerate the fact that the economy was not working and that was because he would not bite the bullet on private property ownership.
I was picking up paint chips; not because I was painting my house, I just love paint chips.
So, I mean, I'm trying to be honest, but I don't feel or want to look at myself as being disabled, not because I think people who do acknowledge that they're disabled are less or worse or anything like that, but I just choose not to consider myself disabled because I think that I can pretty much do everything.
Men should understand the effects of menopause if not because of their wives, then because of their mothers or sisters.
But Mohamed Al Fayed clings to it not least because everybody who was involved with her death that night was either related to him or working for him.
Not because they will predict the eventual winner but it's the momentum factor.
Not because the stage is so great, it's not, it's kind of small and cramped, and it's not the acoustics.
Let us remember, it is not because a simple act of civility caused this tragedy, it did not.
But if I'm out jogging, for example, this is what I'm thinking about, not because I think I should, because I don't know how not to.
Ford made a corporate choice not to replace an $11 part because they were content to pay off lawsuits, and people were horribly burned, but they thought it was still cheaper to pay off these horribly burned people.
This agreed instantly to do it, not just because it was good public, but because I thought Mamet would bring something special to it.
Not only because of my personal affection for him.
It will tell us who's at risk not only for disease but who will respond well to a drug and who maybe shouldn't get that drug because their biology is going to conflict with what the drug is trying to do.
And I look forward to complete vindication, but I think it's extremely unfortunate that my family has to go through this terrible ordeal not because of anything I have done, because I have become a pawn in what is clearly a political agenda as is shown by the return of the indictment four days before an election containing documents that they have had for some two years.
And there was some question as to whether or not they'd bring Jordan into the Clinton campaign because here's a guy who was intimately involved with the Perot campaign.
And so, maybe he didn't want Elizabeth to find out, but not because he cared, because he wanted to be President.
I'd support a motion of censure, a motion to rebuke, as President Ford suggested yesterday, not because it is politically expedient to do, but because the president's actions cry out for punishment, and because censure or rebuke, not impeachment, is the right punishment.
I had not a bad time directing you because I thought you were out of your mind that day, and I thought Oliver Platt was hilarious.
I know it's not a particularly formal group that you've got but why not just the simple individual thank you card because you felt that way because you're happy to have your son?
That's a good question, as to what you're asking whether or not because so far here in Palm Beach County there hasn't been that much of a swing, does that then validate the hand counts because they didn't depart that much?
And if that is true, if that's what it's coming to, then it's going to be war, not because Saddam Hussein is unusual in the world's array of leaders, but because he certainly can not afford to capitulate.
I used to worry about my son not knowing how to properly answer a phone because we have cell phones now but it couldnt go beyond that in terms of affecting your social skills.
These birth rates are rising not because of something cultural elites, political elites do.
Not because you believe in bad luck, but because you're always thinking about bad things happening.
But nothing could alter my belief because I saw these as truths and I stubbornly stuck to my convictions.
Not because it was the only way, but it was the only way they could admit to.
So, they're often called plantation prisons, and it's not simply because they work people in the fields, it's because they historically were a replacement for the labor that slavery produced.
For 200 years people have thought in this country that the best guarantee that minorities will not be oppressed, that the Constitution will be lived up to, is to give that very last word under narrow circumstances to a group of judges who are independent, not because they're wiser, they make mistakes, but because by giving them the last word there is a better guarantee of that neutrality insulated from politics that can help those whom the Constitution wanted to help that minority that might be oppressed.
The reason I could not support giving then President Bush and any subsequent president a blank check to wage endless war was precisely because of what has happened.
But what I saw was a generation of kids who were getting into a school not because they were black, etc.
Ill tell you whats interesting, a lot of these women are coming forward not because theyre necessarily looking for money, but because theyre angry because they thought they were the only other woman.
GM's stock is down to levels it hasn't seen since the early 1990s, and it's not because journalists have been harsh.
You get the job for corporate reasons not because of any particular flag in the numbers, not because of any particular change in the quality of the show, but just for corporate reasons.
Even though we're not talking that kind of accident in Japan at this point and probably couldn't be because the fuel is different, there's still a threat to society that is different with nuclear energy than any other form of energy.
And I just want them to know it's because they don't have that kind of president and not because it was inevitable.
Well, I mean, I think Los Angeles is a peculiarly apocalyptic landscape not just because of the natural landscape.
On the other hand, along with Edith Piaf, I regret nothing because I have done what I wanted to do.
I'm for the balanced budget amendment to the Constitution, not because it solves the problem but because it puts a good stone wall to your back in a gunfight for the people who are serious.
They didn't, and not because he was dead, because he just ran away.
And that's when I actually started getting not nervous because something was happening that I didn't expect.
I mean she's so lucky that the late-night comedians are not on television because kindergarten, give me a break.
And she said she did nothing at the time because she was scared.'
Women are afraid to come forward, not only because they think it will get worse, but because they don't want the marriage to end.
Not because of this decision today, but because two years ago we lost the finest son and brother that any family could hope for.
And it's not because they are addicted to food, but because, in fact, they are constantly hungry.
That's why they've gone up recently, not because of deregulation.
She always says, That's why I look different, not because I had surgery.'
Not because I made them but because we think a lot alike.
And not is the process obviously unfair because the numbers don't look "right," you know, too few blacks in a symphony orchestra or too few blacks in a law school.
Pushing lunch aside at his desk, 88 year old Robert Byrd says this is indeed a special day for him, but not because of the new record he set.
I know I always did that when I was a kid, and it's not because I was cynical and I'm looking to just figure everybody out.
I came to Playboy not because I was a reader or a huge fan of the magazine.
And not just because he was handsome.
That's in our desire not to spoil the relations with the United States because for us it's much more vital than for, say, France.
Not kept because Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid was locked in a tight re-election battle and blocking Yucca Mountain was a key campaign promise.
And he said that that's not our problem and just try to record now because we can not do anything now.
The National Front Government put out these reservations not because they had any love for the weaker sections, although worried about the weaker sections, but for a political exigency at the moment.
Not only because of the security and terrorism issues, but because of the domestic issues and the stand that I've taken on those issues, trade and health care and so on.
Absolutely not because I think the majority of American people are fair minded.
Sometimes an icon is important to our lives, not because they did anything great, but they've just become important as a symbol.
Or has this simply become a check clearinghouse for people who write in their money, send in their money, not because they want to, pay taxes, obviously, and get some money back in benefits?
Someday, you may have to as well, 'I'll tell them, but pull that trigger because you must, not because you enjoy it.
Again, cops say he was a Good Samaritan who followed his gut and that this is one of the reasons why people are not Good Samaritans because they end up getting dragged into cases.
They would be foolish to not be worried about it because it's something that does affect elections.
And not only was it so helpful financially because I was able to continue on with my choice and have an abortion but it was also a huge relief to know that there were other members of my community who understood that these things happen.
It's been about 15 or 20 years, but not as dry as this because we didn't have as many houses and different things at that time in the area.
It's not because you're not answering.
We have 50 percent of our young black kids who are not going to be first anything because they haven't graduated from high school.
The trick is not to fritter away all your energy because it's a long day, it's, like, 12 hours.
And should we not really have full speed ahead trying to find the waste and fraud because maybe we don't need as much as we think we do?
And whatever aggravated him in his madness before, it aggravates him in his madness the next time and the violence gets worse and it gets worse and the system does nothing because she is his wife.
